Describe export to excel restrictions (T852278) (#590)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/utils/excelExporter/exportDataGrid(options).md

---
     

> This method requires <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs" target="_blank">ExcelJS</a> to export data and <a href="https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/" target="_blank">FileSaver</a> to save files. The recommended version of **ExcelJS** is `3.3.1` or newer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method requires <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs" target="_blank">ExcelJS</a> v3.3.1 or newer to export data and <a href="https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/" target="_blank">FileSaver</a> to save files.
```

> This method requires <a href="https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs" target="_blank">ExcelJS</a> to export data and <a href="https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/" target="_blank">FileSaver</a> to save files. The recommended version of **ExcelJS** is `3.3.1`. When used in Angular, the recommended version is `1.7.0`.

Reviewer 2: Whether or not it's better to provide a link to exceljs github issue right in this text?

Reviewer 2: So... 
Our internal research at T847450 points to https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs/issues/984 and it's better to keep a reference to exceljs issue in addition to our solution.
What do you think?

Author: I'm not really sure about it since I don't remember any links to issues in our documentation. I understand that I might have missed them. It seems to me that we should wait for @RomanTsukanov

Reviewer: I would refrain from linking issues in the docs.

Aren't the recommendations about the version too strict? As a user, I would expect a range of supported versions, not just one. And why is the recommended version for Angular so old?

Reviewer 2: ok, we can support our export without this link in our docs.

Version: we researched how our export works in Angular apps in T847450 and found that there are no issues with ExcelJS v1.7.0. It was released at Jan 2019. Issue with Angular apps is not resolved event in latest versions, there are several WA: [exceljs/exceljs#984](https://github.com/exceljs/exceljs/issues/984).

> You can call this method at any point in your application. In the example below, this method is called in the [onExporting](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Widgets/dxDataGrid/1%20Configuration/onExporting.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/#onExporting') function that is executed before data is exported. The **cancel** parameter is enabled to prevent the built-in export. As a result, the **DataGrid** is exported as is to a single worksheet. 

Reviewer 3: "The **cancel** parameter is enabled to prevent the built-in export."
Remove the article ("the") before "built-in export"
"As a result, the **DataGrid** is exported as is to a single worksheet."
Do you mean: "As a result, the **DataGrid** is exported to a single worksheet file."

Author: Not really. Worksheets (at least in terms of this library) are the tabs in the bottom of the excel window: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/33040934/78221874-e0175f80-74cc-11ea-9d3c-83e91912b6ae.png)

Separate files are called 'workbooks'.

Reviewer 3: In that case, please revise it as follows:
"As a result, the DataGrid is exported to a single worksheet."

---     

[note]

The following restrictions apply when users export **DataGrid**:

> - [Detail rows](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/) are not exported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Detail rows](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/) are not exported.
```

> - [Group rows](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Row/#rowType) are always exported expanded and the [isExpanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Row/#isExpanded) option is ignored.

Reviewer 3: By "exported expanded" do you mean "exported in an expanded state"?

Author: Yes, exactly

Reviewer 3: Thanks, please change the text

---     

> [note]When the **DataGrid** is exported, the [detail rows](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/masterDetail/) are not exported. The [group rows](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Row/#rowType) are always exported expanded and the [isExpanded](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Row/#isExpanded) option is ignored.

Reviewer: Let's make it a list of specificities. I'm sure there will be more.

Author: I could not find them after having a conversation with @EugeniyKiyashko a few days ago. Maybe @IgnatovDan can correct this?
